Boss, this is all business with Lin's Group
List of companies coming and going
You should pay a visit to these companies
Say that Shure Group will fully support Lin's Group
Yes
Mr. Chen, this is the contract you need to sign this month
Mr. Chen
All partner companies have increased the number of orders
Go on like this
The market value of Lin's Group is about to exceed 100 billion
It must be because Mr. Chen is also the president of Lin's
Everyone's confidence in Lin's Group has doubled
Congratulations to Mr. Chen
The 100 billion invested by Shure Group has arrived
Just in time
I want everyone to see
Who is the person who can bring glory to Lin's Group?
Notify
Satisfy all orders for me at all costs
Yes